I knew you too that day.
You are not a person who works quietly.
I didn't expect you to be so big. I had no superiors at that time.
In this case, we can only do it right for you if we implement a few bullets.
Protagonist Huang, the two of you are here to taste the tears of Huang.
It's easy to prove what I'm saying.
We just need to look at the sky in front of us and look at Zhang Xinqiao,
Have you ever touched my movies? Everything is revealed.
Who do you think you are? All surveillance in the company is confidential.
You can check it if you want. trial and error
I know you and I joined the company in the same batch
Look at me getting promoted early and getting promoted
Feeling unbalanced
So you maliciously slander me
But I'm honored
Don't fantasize about things that don't belong to you. After all,
You have no strength like you
None of them were caught by their own
It's good to be my electrician.
There is no relationship with Yunren in the company
Talking to myself about nothing before
No more trouble
Expelled all the time